stock_location_children/README.rst, before:

=======================
Stock location children
=======================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Production%2FStable-green.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Production/Stable
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fstock--logistics--warehouse-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/tree/14.0/stock_location_children
    :alt: OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/stock-logistics-warehouse-14-0/stock-logistics-warehouse-14-0-stock_location_children
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/153/14.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module adds a `children_ids` field on `stock.location` in order to compute
and store all the children for a `stock.location` and not only its first level
children as is the case for `child_ids`.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/issues/new?body=module:%20stock_location_children%0Aversion:%2014.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Camptocamp

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Akim Juillerat <akim.juillerat@camptocamp.com>
* Raphaël Reverdy <raphael.reverdy@akretion.com>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/tree/14.0/stock_location_children>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[IMP] stock_location_children: Add shortcut on locations to view children

stock_location_children/README.rst, after:

=======================
Stock location children
=======================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:906ad8aa36feb461ed6928a9fd519413d9cf1556741e8cee6be829454ade2311
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Production%2FStable-green.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Production/Stable
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fstock--logistics--warehouse-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/tree/16.0/stock_location_children
    :alt: OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/stock-logistics-warehouse-16-0/stock-logistics-warehouse-16-0-stock_location_children
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse&target_branch=16.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module adds a `children_ids` field on `stock.location` in order to compute
and store all the children for a `stock.location` and not only its first level
children as is the case for `child_ids`.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

- Storage Locations should have been activated in Inventory configuration.
- Go to Inventory > Configuration > Warehouse Management > Locations
- Select a location and the click on 'Children' button.

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/16.0/stock_location_children/static/description/children.png
    

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/issues/new?body=module:%20stock_location_children%0Aversion:%2016.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Camptocamp

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Akim Juillerat <akim.juillerat@camptocamp.com>
* Raphaël Reverdy <raphael.reverdy@akretion.com>
* Aiendry Sarkar <aiendry@aktivsoftware.com>
* Denis Roussel <denis.roussel@acsone.eu>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/tree/16.0/stock_location_children>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
